add note about environments in generated wrangler configuration section (#21119)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/wrangler/configuration.mdx

When this `config.json` file exists, Wrangler will follow the `configPath` (relative to the `.wrangler/deploy/config.json` file) to find the generated Wrangler configuration file to load and use in the current command.
Wrangler will display messaging to the user to indicate that the configuration has been redirected to a different file than the user's configuration file.

The generated configuration file should not include any [environments](#environments).

> This is because such a file, when required, should be created based on a target environment's specific values and tools should generate distinct configuration files for different environments.

Reviewer: Minor suggestion?

```suggestion
This is because such a file, when required, should be created as part of a build step, which should already target a specific environment. These build tools should generate distinct deployment configuration files for different environments.
```

### Custom build tool example

A common example of using a redirected configuration is where a custom build tool, or framework, wants to modify the user's configuration to be used when deploying, by generating a new configuration in a `dist` directory.

- First, the user writes code that uses Cloudflare Workers resources, configured via a user's Wrangler configuration file like the following:

  <WranglerConfig>

  ```toml title="wrangler.toml"
  name = "my-worker"
  main = "src/index.ts"

  [[kv_namespaces]]

>   binding = "<BINDING_NAME1>"

Author: Yes, thanks a bunch for spotting it! sorry I missed that when I've added the env section... 🤔 

I think it'd be cleaner to just remove the KV section here if that works for you 🙂

  [vars]
  MY_VARIABLE = "production variable"

  [env.staging.vars]
  MY_VARIABLE = "staging variable"
  ```

  </WranglerConfig>

  This configuration points `main` at the user's code entry-point and defines the `MY_VARIABLE` variable in two different environments.

- Then, the user runs a custom build, which might read the user's Wrangler configuration file to find the source code entry-point:

  ```bash
  > my-tool build
  ```

>   We'll assume that `my-tool` is specifically targeting the `staging` environment (for instance set by the user with some option of `my-tool`).

Author: Sure, that works for me 🙂👍

>   We'll assume that `my-tool` is specifically targeting the `staging` environment (for instance set by the user with some option of `my-tool`).

Author: I've applied the suggested change 😄👍

> - This `my-tool` generates a `dist` directory that contains both compiled code and a new generated deployment configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This `my-tool` generates a `dist` directory that contains both compiled code and a new generated deployment configuration file, containing only the settings for the given environment.
```
